# PyAnsys OpenAPI Library Template

## Project Overview
Autogenerated client library for your python project. Direct use of this package is unsupported.
Use [your wrapper package](https://github.com/pyansys) instead.

Commits should generally only be made to this repository to update the OpenAPI YAML definition (stored in
`yaml/`). Changes to the Python code will be made automatically when the YAML is modified.


## Contributing
This repository is not under active development. It is only for storing the code generated from the API
definition. All development is done in the
[your wrapper package](https://github.com/pyansys) repository.


## Release Procedure
Since the `ansys-<product/service>-<library>-openapi` package is auto-generated, the release process differs slightly from
the standard
[PyAnsys release procedure](https://dev.docs.pyansys.com/guidelines/dev_practices.html#release-procedures).

1. Ensure the ``main`` branch build status is green, which indicates that that the most recent run of the ``Build and Test 
   Client Library`` workflow was successful.
2. Create a new branch from the ``main`` branch with the name ``release/MAJOR.MINOR`` (for example, release/0.2).
3. Make the following changes in ``ansys-<product/service>-<library>-openapi/src/setup.cfg``:
    - Set the ``version`` to ``MAJOR.MINOR``.
    - Set the ``Development Status`` classifier to ``Development Status :: 5 - Production/Stable``.
4. Commit this file. Push the branch to GitHub and create a new PR for this release that merges it to ``main``.
   While effort is focused on the release, changes should not be made to either the YAML definition
   or the ``openapi-client-template``.
5. Wait for the PyAnsys developers to functionally test the new release. Testers should locally install this
   branch and use it to run the full suite of tests in the ``main`` branch of
   [your wrapper package](https://github.com/pyansys).
6. Tag the release:
   ```commandline
   git tag v<MAJOR.MINOR.0>
   git push origin --tags
   ```

Once the tag is pushed to GitHub, a workflow will build and publish the release.
